The Next Day
Leading the?..
...s load...
渡る木夜の日暮れ道. Otaru ki-yo no higure michi. A bit of the misty night.
別れゆくこの後ろ影. Wakare yuku kono ushiro kage. The shadow behind the child's farewell...
母も心で泣いている. Hā hā mo kokoro de naite iru. ...is the child's mother's crying with her heart too.
All night long quiet,
Even if we are far away from each other,
Why do you forget me?
My mother chodzioli cannot be cut
Women
Don't let your guard down
The mother's poor protection
The journey is painful and painful
There are no demons in the world
The mother's poor protection
Please be safe, my mother
I'm crying for the same feelings
The sun is burning, the sky is burning
The sky is burning, the sky is burning
The mother's crying, the mother's crying
Yaai, yaai